Pinax: a platform for rapidly developing websites
http://pinaxproject.com/

Pinax is an MIT-licensed, open-source platform built on the Django Web
Framework.

By integrating numerous reusable Django apps and providing starter projects
and infrastructure tools, Pinax takes care of the things that many sites
have in common so you can focus on what makes your site different.

Pinax has been used for everything from social networks to corporate websites
and from intranets to online games. We are also working on number of editions
tailored to event management, learning management, software project management
and more.


Most discussion about Pinax takes place on the IRC channel #pinax on
Freenode or the pinax-users mailing list on Google Groups.


INSTALLATION

We have documented how to get started with Pinax on our website:

    http://pinaxproject.com/docs/dev/gettingstarted.html


BUGS

If you think you have discovered a bug in Pinax you should report it! We keep
track of all bugs and features at http://code.pinaxproject.com/. Create an
account and report the bug with as much information to help us reproduce it.


FOLLOWING ALONG

If you would like to keep up with current Pinax news/happenings you can follow
our Twitter accounts:

 * @pinaxproject — http://twitter.com/pinaxproject — news/happenings going on
   in the Pinax development/community.
 * @pinaxtracker — http://twitter.com/pinaxtracker — each commit published
   as a tweet to stay the most up-to-date.


ABOUT OUR CURRENT FRESH-START APPROACH

I (James Tauber) recently moved from one apartment to another in the same
complex. We had a two-week overlap where we had access to both places so
rather than move everything over at once, we moved things we most wanted
first, made sure they were set up and then moved on to the next thing.
Anything that needed replacing or we didn't want anymore, we left in the old
place until the last day when we threw it out.

The Pinax team are undertaking a very similar approach to getting Pinax ready
for 0.9 release. There are parts of Pinax that are mature and in production
use; there are parts that need cleaning up; and there are parts which need to
be replaced completely. Rather than doing all that in-place, we've set up a
new branch, originally called fresh-start, but now master (with the old master
renamed to master-old)

We've moving things from master-old over incrementally, starting with
foundational starter projects and only the pieces they need. This means that
the new master branch is still pretty sparse (like my new apartment was the
first few days). But the stuff that's there will be production ready, or very
close to it, and will be reflective of the plans for the 0.9 release. This also
gives us an opportunity to do a better job of tests and documentation by
helping prioritize our time to the most important and stable parts of the
codebase.

If there's stuff in Pinax master-old that isn't in the "fresh-start" master
branch, it could be that we simply haven't gotten to it yet. Or it could mean
we're deprecating its usage and plan an alternative approach in the new branch
(and hence 0.9). If in doubt, please ask us our plans.

The issue tracking system on code.pinaxproject.com is now intended only for
issues with the fresh-start. code-old.pinaxproject.com is still around for
issues filed against older Pinax. This helps us focus on the code being
prepared for release rather than sorting out issues in code that will be
discontinued anyway.
